[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-[hums]
[Jeremy] Yumi! It's Jeremy!
We need you
to come to the factory right now.
The super scan
picked up an attack from XANA.
It looks like big trouble.
-[Yumi] Why?
-Because there are five activated towers.
[tense music]
[metallic grating]
I've got a bad feeling about this one.
No… Relax, Einstein.
[Odd] We'll take out
your five towers in no time!
-[scrapes]
-[Yumi grunts]
I got here as quickly as I could.
[footsteps]
[whirring]
[door slams]
[metallic clang]
[typing]
[shrugs]
[man hums] There you are!
I've been expecting you.
[shrugs]
That XANA locks the door,
but leaves the window wide open.
[typing]
[computer beeps]
[stutters]
But, I mean, what are you doing here?
I'm deactivating the towers.
Without going to Lyoko?
Of course!
[hums]
But, who are you?
What? Haven't you understood, yet?
I'm Franz Hopper.
[shrugs]
I'm the one who created Lyoko.
And XANA, too.
But then I lost control of it.
In the beginning,
it was a program that I designed
to counter a military project
based on a multi-agent system.
[hums]
What about me?
I created you to be the guardian of Lyoko.
But I never thought
I'd see you one day in flesh and blood.
[hums]
But, where have you been
for these last few years?
Let's say I was a kind of prisoner
who managed to escape!
What now, then?
-We have to destroy XANA once and for all.
-[gasps]
We'd love to,
but XANA has given Aelita a bug.
If we switch the super computer off,
Aelita switches off, too.
We'll find the antivirus, you'll see.
Sure, but how?
Well, that, young man,
is why I came. I'm here to help.
[hums]
He's very fatherly.
Actually, in a way, he is my father.
He's the one who created me.
That's true.
I adore my own dad,
but he's sure no genius.
But this Franz Hopper is a real genius.
Yes. That's it for me. I will get a bed.
Okay, good night.
Good night, Jeremy.
[creaks]
[indistinct chatter]
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-[man] Jeremy? It's me.
-Franz?
-[Mr. Belpois] No, Michael, your father.
[Mr. Belpois] Do you know why I'm calling?
[Mr. Belpois] Happy birthday, big guy.
[shrugs]
Happy birthday, Einstein!
[Mr. Belpois] By the way,
your mother is worried about you.
You should call us more often.
[Mr. Belpois] Have you thought
about the school for gifted children?
[hums]
Yes, sure.
Okay, Dad, sure.
Listen, I have to go.
My friends just came in. Talk to you soon!
-[beeps]
-[Jeremy hums]
Here, a present.
[hums]
What are you waiting for? Open it.
-[giggles]
-[paper rustling]
Wow, it's great!
Yes! And I drew it from memory.
So you can imagine
how much effort it took!
[laughter]
Thanks, everyone!
Hey, how about going to the factory?
I can't wait to see Franz again.
[nods]
[theme music]
You used the scanners
to virtualize human beings?
Well, yes.
It's the only way we could find
to deactivate towers in Lyoko.
The virtualization process
wasn't ready for that yet!
[Franz] It's a very dangerous procedure
with serious side effects.
Such as?
Cell degeneration.
[tense music]
[computer beeps]
Odd seems okay.
-[typing]
-[computer beeps]
[Franz] Ulrich, too. But Yumi…
[computer whirs]
No, it can't be!
-[computer whirs]
-[Jeremy moans]
[theme music]
[cries]
I can't believe it, what a nightmare.
Nice one, Einstein.
Dr. Shrank transplants animal limbs
onto human beings,
but compared to you, he's small time.
[stutters]
I couldn't have known.
I'm sorry!
You're sorry?
That's not going to help cure Yumi.
[hums]
Yumi, I…
[moans]
Leave me alone, Jeremy.
I need to be by myself.
You coming, Ulrich?
[moans]
[sad music]
[hums]
I'm sure there's a way to cure Yumi.
We don't even know what's wrong with her.
I'll work it out. I promise.
I think you've done enough damage
as it is.
What do you mean?
That everything's been my fault
right from the start?
You're the brains
in this outfit, Einstein.
[scrapes]
[footsteps]
[chair creaks]
You know, Ulrich. If not
for the scanners, I wouldn't be here.
[slurps]
Yumi, are you okay?
I'm not very hungry tonight.
[Hiroki laughs]
-[laughs] Ulrich, I love you!
-[Mrs. Ishiyama] Hiroki!
[Yumi] I'm going to bed.
[sighs]
That's it, then.
-We're in the thick of it now!
-Of what?
A teenage crisis.
[sighs]
[owls hooting]
[Kiwi snores]
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hello?
[Franz] Yumi? It's Franz.
I have some good news.
Tell the others and meet me
first thing tomorrow at the factory.
[Yumi] Okay. We'll be there.
[computer beeps]
[theme music]
[metallic clang]
[Franz] I now know how to program
the antivirus to free Aelita.
All I need now
is the data from Sector Five.
Great! We'll go and get it, then.
[hums]
I thought the scanners
were too dangerous to use.
If we want to get to Sector Five,
then we have no choice.
-[Odd] It'll be our final mission.
-[Jeremy] Okay.
Then what am I supposed to do?
If I were you, I'd stay out of the way!
It's not fair!
Everyone blames me for everything.
After all, we turned the super computer
back on together!
Perhaps.
But you were the one
who played the sorcerer's apprentice.
You're the one
who put your friends' lives at risk.
And you're the one
who let XANA destroy my diary.
-[tense music]
-[typing]
Fine. I get it.
[Aelita moans]
Jeremy.
[whirring]
[moans]
[Franz] Right. Shall we?
[hums]
[theme music]
[sad music]
-[Mr. Belpois] Hello?
-Dad, it's me.
-[Mr. Belpois] Jeremy?
-You know that school you mentioned?
-[Mr. Belpois] Yes?
-I want to go.
-Can you come and get me?
-[Mr. Belpois] When?
-[Jeremy] As soon as possible.
-[Mr. Belpois] I'll be there tomorrow.
[Jeremy hums]
All right, then.
[phone beeps]
[upbeat music]
-[computer beeps]
-[Franz] Transfer, Ulrich.
Transfer, Yumi.
Transfer, Odd.
-[digital whirring]
-[Franz] Scanner, Yumi. Scanner, Ulrich.
Scanner, Odd.
Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
[Ulrich] Hey, we arrived directly
in Sector Five!
[Franz] Of course. There's direct access.
The Transporter is a little outdated.
[Odd] Cool!
[swooshing]
[Yumi hums]
[metallic clang]
[remembers Franz's voice] And you're
the one who let XANA destroy my diary.
[Jeremy to self] Franz Hopper's diary.
But how can he know
the diary was destroyed?
[Yumi] Maybe you'll find out more
about the owner of the Hermitage.
[Jeremy] Everything is encrypted.
I have to decode it.
[tense music]
[Franz] And you're the one
who let XANA destroy my diary.
[Jeremy] How could Franz Hopper know that?
-XANA took control of you.
-[shrugs]
He destroyed all of Franz Hopper's CDs!
Apparently,
he had a problem with his notes.
[Franz] And you're the one
who let XANA destroy my diary.
XANA!
The countdown has begun. Clean up,
and I'll send Aelita over.
-[Yumi pants] All right.
-[swooshing]
[pants]
[shrugs]
Franz, I don't mind cleaning up,
but we'll need industrial detergent.
[Franz] No problem,
I've programmed some new weapons.
-I don't see what's new about this.
-[Yumi shrugs]
-[grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[blasts]
-[Odd] Wahoo! Homing darts!
-[lasers blast]
-[Odd grunts]
-[blasts]
-[Creeper shrieks]
-[Odd groans]
-[blasts]
[pants]
-[Creepers shriek]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[blasts]
[exhales]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[swooshing]
-[Yumi hums]
-[swish]
-[whirring]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich] There's the key.
Leave it to me.
-[lasers blast]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Creepers grunt]
-[swooshing]
[blast]
-[Yumi] Ulrich? How are you doing?
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich] It's a done deal.
[swish]
-[Creepers shriek]
-[blast]
[grunts]
[groans]
[beeps]
[grunts]
-[whirring]
-[Franz] Well done, Ulrich.
[whirring]
[lasers blasting]
All right.
[Odd grunts]
-[Odd groans]
-[blasts]
[swooshing]
-[Creepers shriek]
[grunts]
It's almost too easy.
I want more Creepers.
Don't worry, Odd. It's not over, yet.
-I've got more surprises in store for you.
-[computer beeps]
Aelita, are you ready for virtualization?
-[metallic clang]
-[Aelita hums] Yes.
[Aelita gasps]
[shushes]
[shrugs]
-[digital whirring]
-[Franz] Here we go.
Transfer, Aelita.
[digital whirring]
Scanner. Virtualization.
Yumi? Ulrich? Odd?
[tense music]
[Aelita] Franz, I'm not in Sector Five.
What's going on?
[whirring]
[Franz] Everything's under control.
Jeremy, what are you doing here?
I just came to see
how you're managing, XANA!
[whirring]
[grunts]
-[buzz]
-[Jeremy groans]
[grunts]
You're very clever, Jeremy.
But you're too late.
-[grunts]
-[computer beeps]
[grunts]
-Hey! Wanna make this a contest?
-[Ulrich laughs]
Whoever gets the most, wins.
-[Odd grunts]
-[clicks]
[shrugs]
What's going on? Franz?
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich groans]
Something's wrong!
-[Creepers shriek]
-[lasers blast]
[grunts]
[groans]
-[Odd] Let's get out of here!
-[Creepers shriek]
[Yumi] I get the feeling
we've been double-crossed.
[grunts]
[groans]
Bye!
[Creepers shriek]
[laughs]
Your friends are in a little trouble.
I fixed things
so that they can never re-materialize.
No more life points and it's bye-bye.
And now for the grand finale.
[whirring]
[Aelita moans]
No.
[pants]
[moans]
-[Ulrich] What now?
-[Odd] Well, there's only one thing to do.
Franz, we need help!
No, not Franz. XANA!
[Odd shrugs]
[Odd] This must be the surprise.
[Creepers growl]
[whirring]
[shrugs]
-[whirring]
-[Creepers shriek]
[groans]
[bell rings]
[cheers]
[lasers blasting]
[Creeper growls]
[Creeper shriek]
[Odd laughs]
[laughs]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Creeper shrieks]
[Odd] Hello! Got enough?
[Odd moans]
-[lasers blast]
-[Yumi grunts]
[grunts]
-[laser blasts]
-[Ulrich moans]
[Yumi grunts]
[groans]
[Creeper growls]
[growls]
[bell rings]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Creeper growls]
-[lasers blast]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Creeper growls]
-[Ulrich groans]
[Ulrich hums]
[shrieks]
Ciao!
[digital whirring]
[whirring]
-Admit your defeat, Jeremy.
-No, not this time!
[shrugs]
[computer beeps]
[whirring]
[exhales]
-[thumping]
-[groans]
[whirring]
[pants]
-[computer beeps]
-What's the meaning of this?
A decoy.
-[computer beeps]
-[typing]
[nods]
[shrugs]
No!
[laughs]
[groans]
[hissing]
[Creepers growl]
I often wondered how this would all end.
Now, I know. This is it.
[action music]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
-[computer beeps]
-[gasps]
[growls]
-[lasers blast]
-[groans]
-[Ulrich screams]
-[Yumi cries] No, Ulrich!
-[Yumi cries]
-It can't be!
[Jeremy] Come on!
Don't be so pessimistic, Odd!
-[Odd shrugs]
-Jeremy?
Yes, I'm back.
Come on, let's start over.
[swish]
[grunts]
[blast]
-[lasers blast]
-[Odd grunts]
[Odd laughs] Nothing like my old gear.
What about Ulrich?
[Jeremy] I managed to reprogram
the materialization just in time.
[groans]
He's home. Ready, Aelita?
[Aelita] Yes, Jeremy.
All we have to do is deactivate the tower.
I'm sending you Aelita.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
[Yumi groans]
[Odd grunts]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Creeper shrieks]
[blast]
Aelita! I'm entering the code "Scipio."
[swooshing]
[whirring]
[electricity crackles]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[moans]
[whirring]
[upbeat music]
[swooshing]
[gasps]
[chokes]
Jeremy! What's going on? What can I do?
[Aelita] Jeremy, I'm in the core zone.
Aelita?
Deactivate the tower. Hurry up!
-[blast]
-[Odd grunts]
-[swish]
-[Aelita pants]
[pants]
Hurry!
Jeremy's in trouble!
[gasps]
[chokes]
Jeremy!
[Manta shrieks]
[Aelita moans]
-[Aelita grunts]
-[Yumi shrugs]
[Odd] Aelita!
-[Manta shrieks]
-[Aelita moans]
[Aelita moans]
-Hang in there, please!
-[Jeremy chokes]
[ethereal music]
[Jeremy chokes]
[Ulrich exhales]
[ethereal music]
-[whirring]
-[computer beeps]
[beeps]
[gasps]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[swooshing]
[Jeremy chokes]
[shrieks]
[gasps and shrugs]
Don't worry, buddy. Everything's okay now.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Of course I'm not angry with you.
What's more, I checked your bio schematic
during your re-materialization phase.
There's no sign of alteration whatsoever.
[exhales]
What a relief.
He really had me scared,
that Franz Hopper.
That false Franz Hopper.
The real one is still somewhere on Lyoko.
[knocks on door]
[shrugs]
Dad!
Are you ready, son? Let's go.
[hums]
Wait, things have changed.
[Jeremy] Let me explain.
-[shrugs]
-[door slams]
-You're sure you've thought it over?
-Yes.
I'm sorry I made you
come over here for nothing.
Don't worry about it. And don't forget
to give us a call from time to time.
I promise.
[hums]
[nods]
What's going on here?
Where were you going?
Nowhere.
Your father seems like a really nice guy!
Yes, I love him. He's great.
Like father, like son.
[nods]
[laughs]
[theme music]